README.md, before:

<h1>UW BootCamp Week 1 Challenge<h1> 

<h2>Table of contents<h2>

<ul>
    <li>General information
    <li>Setup 
    <li>License
    <li>Screenshots
    <li>Acceptance Criteria
<ul>

<h3><p align="center">General infromation<h3>
    The Useage of this repo is used to improve the previous code in the Week 1 Challenge of UW bootcamp .
    </p>

<h3><p align="center">Setup<h3>
    This repo contains multiply images along with 1 Html ,1 Css style Sheet ,1 readme.md file and a mit license. 
    
<h3><p align="center">License<h3>
This repo uses the MIT license 

Copyright <2022> <MIT HOLDER>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this
software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

<h3><p align="center">Screenshots<h3>
![My Image](assets\images\01-html-css-git-homework-demo (1).png.jpg)

<h3><p align="center">Accetance Criteria<h3>
GIVEN a webpage meets accessibility standards
WHEN I view the source code
THEN I find semantic HTML elements
WHEN I view the structure of the HTML elements
THEN I find that the elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
WHEN I view the image elements
THEN I find accessible alt attributes
WHEN I view the heading attributes
THEN they fall in sequential order
WHEN I view the title element
THEN I find a concise, descriptive title
    </p>

Commit message:

Making final changes before deploying the website

README.md, after:

<h1>UW BootCamp Week 1 Challenge<h1> 

<h2>Table of contents<h2>

<ul>
    <li>General information
    <li>Setup 
    <li>License
    <li>Screenshots
    <li>Acceptance Criteria
<ul>

<h3><p align="center">General infromation<h3>
    The Useage of this repo is used to improve the previous code in the Week 1 Challenge of UW bootcamp .
    </p>

<h3><p align="center">Setup<h3>
    This repo contains multiply images along with 1 Html ,1 Css style Sheet ,1 readme.md file and a mit license. 
    
<h3><p align="center">License<h3>
This repo uses the MIT license 

Copyright <2022> <MIT HOLDER>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this
software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software
without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

<h3><p align="center">Screenshots<h3>
Below is a screesnshot of how the website should look

![My Image](assets\images\Demo.png)

<h3><p align="center">Accetance Criteria<h3>
GIVEN a webpage meets accessibility standards
WHEN I view the source code
THEN I find semantic HTML elements
WHEN I view the structure of the HTML elements
THEN I find that the elements follow a logical structure independent of styling and positioning
WHEN I view the image elements
THEN I find accessible alt attributes
WHEN I view the heading attributes
THEN they fall in sequential order
WHEN I view the title element
THEN I find a concise, descriptive title
    </p>
